=Reincarnated Love=
=Episode 5=
(Huo Mansion)
What is this?
We're returning home.
I prepared some medicine and tonics
for your parents.
These two
are Physician Wu and Nanny Qiu.
Physician Wu is skilled in medicine.
Nanny Qiu is meticulous.
They'll take care
of your parents' daily life.
The people behind you
are guards I arranged
to protect their safety.
How thoughtful of you.
Mr. Huo.
Mrs. Huo.
A summons from the Palace.
It may be urgent.
Go now.
Work come first.
Then,
please take extra care.
(Huo Mansion)
(Jiang Mansion)
Ruyan,
deliver these herbs
to Nanny Liu.
Have her send them
to my mother every day.
Yes, milady.
Everyone else,
stay outside the courtyard.
Without my order,
no one may enter.
Yes.
Oh, my.
How imposing of you.
But where is Mr. Huo?
The heir was exhausted last night,
so I let him stay in the room
to sleep.
Or perhaps Mr. Huo doesn't value you
because you got pregnant
before marriage.
Maybe he married you
only because of the child in your belly.
Instead of worrying about me,
perhaps you should worry
about your marriage to Zhang San.
You...
Ruoli is now the heir's wife,
with a noble status.
Why boss us around
at your maternal home?
My father has been ill for a long time.
Yet the physicians here
haven't been effective.
Physician Wu has excellent skills,
so I invited him to check
my father's pulse.
We knew you came home
to show filial piety,
but outsiders might think
you brought the Huo guards
to raid us.
Those people are only here
to serve my parents.
They won't touch anything here.
Yet you and Uncle keep obstructing me.
Do you fear
I might discover something
I shouldn't?
Insolent thing.
This is not your place to act wildly.
Throw all these outsiders out.
Wait.
I wonder if you had fun
at Tipsy House last night?
You...
You sent someone to follow me?
Rest assured, Uncle.
I'll keep this matter secret.
After all,
if such disgraceful behavior
were to spread,
it would disgrace
the family as well.
Don't you agree?
Good.
In that case,
do as she says.
Father.
Silence.
Ruyan,
go see if Father's medicine is ready.
Yes, milady.
Wretch.
I told you to keep an eye
on Jiang Ruoli.
Is this how you do your job?
She sent people in.
Why didn't you report it?
Master,
I didn't know.
It happened so suddenly.
I had no time to send word.
I truly know my mistake.
Do you think that I can't deal with you
now that you're in the Huo Mansion?
Tell me.
How should I punish you?
Master, spare me.
I truly know my mistake.
Who told you
to have such a seductive face?
I missed you to death
after not seeing you for so long.
Master, please don't.
I already carry your child.
That is fine.
Be obedient.
I'll raise you to be a concubine.
Master.
Ruyan?
Mrs. Huo is outside.
She will hear it.
That makes it more exciting.
Little wretch.
Behave yourself.
Master.
Ruyan?
Milady.
Ruyan.
Milady, why are you here?
I asked you to check the medicine.
Why did it take so long?
The medicine is already done.
I had someone deliver it just now.
I went to the storeroom
to find some cloth
to sew soft cushions for your parents.
They'll make sitting more comfortable.
I see.
It's getting late.
Let's return.
Yes.
Dear, be careful.
♪Gentle rain seeps into the deep night♪
♪Stirring the jasmine from slumber♪
No need to trouble you.
♪Bringing fresh mud for the home♪
♪Gazing afar at the roadside
that I once knew♪
♪Lush grass swayed in abundance♪
♪Though beauty abounds,
it answered not your call♪
What are you doing?
Let go of me.
Let go.
You're pregnant.
What if you fall?
I'll carry you inside.
That would be the safest.
♪That same gentle smile♪
♪Each hides a trace of familiarity♪
♪Let passions pour freely♪
♪How much do you truly know♪
♪I gift you a sprig of jasmine♪
♪May we never part,
bound from dawn to dusk♪
♪Who'd think parting comes so easily♪
♪Yet reunion hardly comes by♪
♪You always cheer me up♪
♪That year's urgent meeting
in a city of drifting petals♪
♪Falling into dreams,
this feeling lingers♪
Father,
I stewed this bird's nest soup.
It simmered for four hours.
It can nourish the lungs.
Food?
You still think about food?
Look at Jiang Ruoli.
Before, her father was the Chancellor
and suppressed you.
Now, her father is a living corpse.
She's just an orphan without support,
yet she managed
to marry the Duke's heir.
But you?
I spent so much effort
raising you
into a noble lady in the capital.
And what happened?
You are not even as good as her!
Please calm your anger.
Useless trash.
That woman!
Relying on Huo Linchuan,
she's become so arrogant.
Milady.
Milady, please calm down.
Jiang Ruoli,
I'll make you climb higher
only to fall harder.
I've interrogated the men in black
from the Lantern Festival.
They were mercenaries.
Who was the employer?
The employer changed several times.
The real culprit is still unknown.
As long as the culprit is not found,
my family will never know peace.
Don't worry.
I will
keep investigating this
until the real culprit is found.
Dear,
have you had any dreams lately?
Since I married you,
the food has been delicious,
the servants attentive in every way,
and my sleep peaceful.
I haven't dreamed.
That is
very good.
Mr. and Mrs. Huo.
Lady Wanyue has sent an invitation
(Invitation)
for a tea gathering tomorrow.
(Jiang Mansion)
Everyone,
these are Jade Dew Cakes
I had the kitchen make.
They are made
with osmanthus petals from this morning.
Especially sweet and delicious.
I invited you all to taste them.
- How thoughtful.
Ruoli, you're with child.
Greasy food must be hard for you to eat.
These cakes are very appetizing.
Please try them.
(Jiang Wanyue,)
(you truly are my good cousin.)
Thanks for your effort.
These cakes
look absolutely tempting.
Then I'll accept your kindness.
Indeed, sweet and delicious.
(Jiang Ruoli,)
(let me see how you'll stay arrogant)
(without the child.)
Milady.
My stomach.
- Milady.
- Ah.
- What happened?
- Milady.
It hurts so much.
Milady.
My child.
(Dear cousin,)
(since I'm putting on a show for you,)
- (it must look real.)
- Milady.
My child.
Milady, this...
Milady.
My child.
Ah.
Master Huaikang is here.
Father.
You wretch.
What have you done?
Father, I...
I only wanted to help you
vent your anger.
You fool.
Uncle,
how cruel you are.
My child...
Who did this?
♪The dream shattered♪
♪Like illusion, yet true♪
♪Like a restless soul♪
♪How vague♪
♪Rain and blood, drifting wild♪
♪A blade of frost in dreams♪
♪Love and hate entwined♪
♪Rise and fall, yet never fade♪
♪How can I turn the tides
of this fleeting life♪
♪When fate falls apart♪
♪Memories return,
carving tears upon my face♪
♪Yet I can't hold on♪
♪Only warmth remains
where longing once burned♪
♪Life after life♪
♪Fated to meet, but never meant to be♪
♪Still, I refuse to bow or yield♪
♪In this life, love becomes my blade♪
♪To break free from reincarnation♪
♪All past affairs tangled with regret♪
♪Now shatter apart♪
♪By fate and karmic ties confined♪
♪Is this fate or calamity♪
♪Is it life, death, or parting pain♪
♪I ask only for a moment of peace,
as devout as my heart♪
♪In the next life, grant me one kiss♪
♪To kiss the snow upon the brows,
and the depths of your gaze♪
♪For once we kissed,
destiny bound us to never part♪
♪This fleeting life feels but a dream♪
♪Sober or indulge♪
♪I only wish to be with you,
with all my heart♪